
AT&T lied to us. They change our internet service without telling us and there is nothing we can do about it. We have been a customer with them for about 10 years. The customer service is horrible and rude.                
None of my new electronics work because of low bandwidth, paying for high bandwidth and getting nothing. When it rains it stops completely. I can't wait for the end of contract to switch service. I have the reboot, just to keep the sorry Internet connection working. Call tech support was told it could be bad for up to two days after it rains. I had it with high speed service from att it does not...
I have been a AT&T cell phone customer from the start. Their service was the very best a customer could ask for! Any issue that arose was handled quickly, professionally, and followed up on until both parties were satisfied. ie; my divorce 8 years ago, AT&T literally saved my life! I called AT&T to shut down my phone (my life honestly was in danger), they really "stepped up to the...
I have talked to five att reps over the last 3 months  about my internet increase from 26 dollars to 52 dollars a  month.  Was told that I would be charged $32. In Oct.,then $37. Dollars thereafter. Each month I 'd call back and be told it would take 3 months to show on my bill.hasn't happened yet and told by 3 reps what amonut to pay Which I did pay.  Three months of late fees were attached and...
Black Friday I bought a new iphone direct from AT&T, was told one day only deal I would be given a $200 bill credit upon turning in my Samsung Galaxy4 at my local AT&T store. Despite the fact that I could not get anything in writing to prove that I dealt for the phone anyway and after I received it went to the AT&T Store in Texarkana to get my bill credit as promised. What a joke....
We had been AT&T customers for about 5 years, then their service started going downhill FAST!  It got to the point that we couldn't make or receive phone call at our house and it would take days for voicemails to show up.  I wanted to end my contract early - because we were paying for a service that didn't work and was told by AT&T, "If you're in an AT&T coverage area, but the service...

My son who is in college had ATT as a cell provider.  At one point they stopped sending bills, just sent late notices and racked up fees...... I pay his bill, but because we put the account in his name to establish his credit couldn't so much to help him.  We paid hundreds of dollars just to get them off of our backs.  We started using the ichat system on line so that we could have a record of...

Had an AT&T crew show up at 34th and Clinton in Berwynn they knock over my planter Kick all of my plants in the way that I planted on the corner it *** me off that they didn't come knock on my door to tell me they just destroyed my corner and then laugh about it I got it all on video How they just trample over everything there that I planted
